Add lint rule for implicit `is:inline` on script tags. (#970)
withastro/compiler: .changeset/cuddly-pumas-call.md

---
'@astrojs/compiler': patch
---

> Adds a lint rules when attributes are added to a script tag, causing the script to be treated as `is:inline`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a lint rule to display a message when attributes are added to a script tag, explaining that the script will be treated as `is:inline`.
```
Something like this maybe?
